ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more Slice LUTs cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 94937 of such cell types but only 53200 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more LUT as Logic cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 94830 of such cell types but only 53200 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more RAMB36/FIFO cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 172 of such cell types but only 140 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more RAMB18 and RAMB36/FIFO cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 349 of such cell types but only 280 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more RAMB36E1 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 172 of such cell types but only 140 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.
ERROR: [Place 30-99] Placer failed with error: 'Implementation Feasibility check failed, Please see the previously displayed individual error or warning messages for more details.'
Please review all ERROR, CRITICAL WARNING, and WARNING messages during placement to understand the cause for failure.
ERROR: [Common 17-69] Command failed: Placer could not place all instances
