ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more Slice LUTs cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 109249 of such cell types but only 53200 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more LUT as Memory cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 67424 of such cell types but only 17400 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more LUT as Distributed RAM cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 67424 of such cell types but only 17400 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.
ERROR: [Place 30-640] Place Check : This design requires more RAMD64E cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 67424 of such cell types but only 17400 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.
ERROR: [Place 30-99] Placer failed with error: 'Implementation Feasibility check failed, Please see the previously displayed individual error or warning messages for more details.'
Please review all ERROR, CRITICAL WARNING, and WARNING messages during placement to understand the cause for failure.
ERROR: [Common 17-69] Command failed: Placer could not place all instances
